websocket: bad handshake troubleshooting (#3869)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/faq/teams-troubleshooting.md

- WebSockets are not enabled. To enable them, navigate to `dash.cloudflare.com` > **Network**.
- Your Cloudflare account has Universal SSL enabled and the SSL/TLS encryption mode is set to _Off_. To resolve, set the SSL/TLS encryption mode to any setting other than _Off_.
- Your requests are blocked by [Super Bot Fight Mode](/bots/get-started/pro/). To resolve, make sure you set **Definitely automated** to _Allow_ in the bot fight mode settings.

> - Disable **Enable Binding Cookie** in the Cloudflare Access SSH Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your SSH or RDP Access application has the [Binding Cookie](/cloudflare-one/identity/users/session-management/#binding-cookie) enabled. To disable the cookie, go to **Access** > **Applications** and edit the application settings.
```
